Sr No	Question	Options	Answer
1	What is the primary purpose of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	
To classify images, To generate text, To learn sequential patterns in data, To perform arithmetic operations	
Answer:To learn sequential patterns in data	
2	Which layer type is typically used to capture sequential dependencies in an RNN?	
Convolutional layer, Fully connected layer, Recurrent layer, Pooling layer	
Answer:Recurrent layer	
3	What is the advantage of using recurrent layers in an RNN?	
Recurrent layers can learn long-term dependencies in data., Recurrent layers are more efficient than other layer types., Recurrent layers are easier to train than other layer types., Recurrent layers can be used to classify images.	
Answer:Recurrent layers can learn long-term dependencies in data.	
4	What is the purpose of the hidden state in an RNN?	
The hidden state stores the output of the previous time step., The hidden state stores the input to the current time step., The hidden state stores the parameters of the RNN., The hidden state stores the gradients of the RNN.	
Answer:The hidden state stores the output of the previous time step.	
5	Which activation function is commonly used in the recurrent layers of an RNN?	
Sigmoid function, Tanh function, ReLU function, Softmax function	
Answer:Tanh function	
6	What is the purpose of the time step parameter in an RNN?	
The time step parameter controls the number of layers in the RNN., The time step parameter controls the size of the hidden state., The time step parameter controls the order in which the data is processed., The time step parameter controls the learning rate of the RNN.	
Answer:The time step parameter controls the order in which the data is processed.	
7	Which layer type is commonly used to initialize the hidden state in an RNN?	
Convolutional layer, Fully connected layer, Recurrent layer, Embedding layer	Embedding layer	
8	What is the purpose of the bidirectional RNN architecture?	The bidirectional RNN architecture allows the RNN to process data in both directions., The bidirectional RNN architecture allows the RNN to learn long-term dependencies in data., The bidirectional RNN architecture allows the RNN to be trained more efficiently., The bidirectional RNN architecture allows the RNN to be used for classification tasks.	
Answer:The bidirectional RNN architecture allows the RNN to process data in both directions.	
9	What are some of the applications of RNNs?	
Natural language processing, Speech recognition, Machine translation, All of the above	
Answer:All of the above	
10	What are some of the challenges of training RNNs?	
RNNs can be computationally expensive to train., RNNs can be difficult to parallelize., RNNs can be prone to overfitting., All of the above	
Answer:All of the above
